Summary:
Jordan - William - Human Druid
Casey - Clemeth - Halfling Rogue
Sam - Frodrick - Goliath Barbarian
Alex - DM - Dungeon Master

FILE 2 of 2

TRANSCRIPT:
Clemeth: I dart between the shadows, using the ice formations for cover.
DM: The alpha wolf's eyes glow with an unnatural blue light as it snarls at your party.
William: The natural magic in me recognizes these creatures as unnatural aberrations.
Frodrick: My rage gives me resistance to the cold damage from these wolves.
Clemeth: My thieves' tools might be useful for disarming any traps in these ruins.
DM: Roll for initiative! The battle for survival in the frozen wasteland begins now.
William: I use my action to cast Cure Wounds on myself while in bear form.
Frodrick: I use my bonus action to make another attack with my off-hand weapon.
Clemeth: I search for weak points in the enemy's defenses while staying hidden.
DM: The temperature continues to drop, and you can see your breath forming ice crystals.
William: The connection to nature helps me resist the supernatural cold effects.
Frodrick: The cold doesn't bother me - I'm a child of the mountains!
Clemeth: Using my expertise in Stealth, I move silently across the frozen ground.
DM: In the distance, you hear the haunting sound of wind chimes made of bone and ice.
William: I prepare to cast Entangle to slow down the approaching winter wolves.
Frodrick: I position myself to protect the weaker party members from the wolves.
Clemeth: I prepare my hand crossbow for a ranged attack from the shadows.
DM: The mysterious figure raises a staff topped with a glowing blue crystal.
William: "The forest spirits are angry about this corruption of nature!"
Frodrick: "You picked the wrong barbarian to mess with today!"
Clemeth: "You won't see me coming until it's too late, ice fiend!"
DM: "The eternal winter has only just begun," the figure cackles with malevolent glee.
William: I call upon the power of the earth to aid us in this frozen battle.
Frodrick: I activate my berserker rage and enter a frenzied state of combat.
Clemeth: I use my Uncanny Dodge to reduce damage from the winter wolf's bite.
DM: Make a Wisdom saving throw as the figure attempts to freeze your very souls.
William: My druidic senses tell me there's something deeply wrong with this place.
Frodrick: Nothing will stop me from protecting my friends from this frozen evil!
Clemeth: Time to show these frozen monsters what a real assassin can do.